BW release Nov 2023 (#923)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/release-notes/release-notes-lp.rst

|bw|
-------------------------

    November 9, 2023

>     |bw| 1.1.11 deprecates the use of the gRPC v1 API. It also supports changes made to the web-sdk, and it supports editing of commissions in staking pools in accordance with the upcoming tokenomics changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |bw| 1.1.11 removes the use of the gRPC v1 API and JSON-RPC. It also supports changes made to the web-sdk, and it supports editing of commissions in staking pools in accordance with the upcoming tokenomics changes.
```
